Update README.md with wasmcert (#39)
coq-community/awesome-coq: README.md

- [Tarjan and Kosaraju](https://github.com/math-comp/tarjan) - Verified implementations of algorithms for topological sorting and finding strongly connected components in finite graphs.
- [Vélus](http://velus.inria.fr) - Verified compiler for a Lustre/Scade-like dataflow synchronous language.
- [Verdi Raft](https://github.com/uwplse/verdi-raft) - Implementation of the Raft distributed consensus protocol, verified in Coq using the Verdi framework.

> - [WasmCert-Coq](https://github.com/WasmCert/WasmCert-Coq/) - WebAssembly (aka Wasm) 1.0 formalisation in Coq

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [WasmCert-Coq](https://github.com/WasmCert/WasmCert-Coq/) - Formalization in Coq of the WebAssembly (aka Wasm) 1.0 specification.
```
